xfontsel.pane.commandBox.quitButton.background:  #252525
xfontsel.pane.commandBox.quitButton.foreground:  snow
xfontsel.pane.commandBox.ownButton.background:   purple
xfontsel.pane.commandBox.ownButton.foreground:   snow
xfontsel.pane.commandBox.countLabel.background:  snow
xfontsel.pane.viewPort.sampleText.background:    #252525
xfontsel.pane.viewPort.sampleText.foreground:    snow
xfontsel.pane.fieldBox.field0.background:        #252525
xfontsel.pane.fieldBox.field0.foreground:        snow
xfontsel.pane.fieldBox.field1.background:        #252525
xfontsel.pane.fieldBox.field1.foreground:        snow
xfontsel.pane.fieldBox.field2.background:        #252525
xfontsel.pane.fieldBox.field2.foreground:        snow
xfontsel.pane.fieldBox.field3.background:        #252525
xfontsel.pane.fieldBox.field3.foreground:        snow
xfontsel.pane.fieldBox.field4.background:        #252525
xfontsel.pane.fieldBox.field4.foreground:        snow
xfontsel.pane.fieldBox.field5.background:        #252525
xfontsel.pane.fieldBox.field5.foreground:        snow
xfontsel.pane.fieldBox.field6.background:        #252525
xfontsel.pane.fieldBox.field6.foreground:        snow
xfontsel.pane.fieldBox.field7.background:        #252525
xfontsel.pane.fieldBox.field7.foreground:        snow
xfontsel.pane.fieldBox.field8.background:        #252525
xfontsel.pane.fieldBox.field8.foreground:        snow
xfontsel.pane.fieldBox.field9.background:        #252525
xfontsel.pane.fieldBox.field9.foreground:        snow
xfontsel.pane.fieldBox.field10.background:       #252525
xfontsel.pane.fieldBox.field10.foreground:       snow
xfontsel.pane.fieldBox.field11.background:       #252525
xfontsel.pane.fieldBox.field11.foreground:       snow
xfontsel.pane.fieldBox.field12.background:       #252525
xfontsel.pane.fieldBox.field12.foreground:       snow
xfontsel.pane.fieldBox.field13.background:       #252525
xfontsel.pane.fieldBox.field13.foreground:       snow
xfontsel.pane.fieldBox*foreground:               #999999
xfontsel.pane.fieldBox.MenuButton.borderWidth:   1
xfontsel.pane.fieldBox.MenuButton.internalHeight:1
xfontsel.pane.fieldBox.MenuButton.internalWidth: 2
xfontsel.pane.fieldBox.MenuButton.shapeStyle:    rectangle
